1. Write a Java method to find the smallest number among three numbers. #done#
 
2. Compute Average of Three Numbers

Write a Java method to compute the average of three numbers.
 
3. Find Middle Character(s) of String

Write a Java method to display the middle character of a string.
Note: a) If the length of the string is odd there will be two middle characters.
b) If the length of the string is even there will be one middle character.
 
4. Count Vowels in String

Write a Java method to count all vowels in a string.
 n

5. Count Words in String
Write a Java method to count all the words in a string.
 6. Sum of Digits in Integer

Write a Java method to compute the sum of digits in an integer.
 
7. Display First 50 Pentagonal Numbers

Write a Java method to display the first 50 pentagonal numbers.
Note: A pentagonal number is a figurate number that extends the concept of triangular and square numbers to the pentagon, but, unlike the first two, the patterns involved in the construction of pentagonal numbers are not rotationally symmetrical.
 

8. Compute Future Investment Value

Write a Java method to compute the future investment value at a given interest rate for a specified number of years.
 

9. Print Characters Between Two Characters

Write a Java method to print characters between two characters (i.e. A to P).
Note: Prints 20 characters per line

 

10. Check Leap Year

Write a Java method to check whether a year (integer) entered by the user is a leap year or not.

 
11. Validate Password

Write a Java method to check whether a string is a valid password.
Password rules:
A password must have at least ten characters.
A password consists of only letters and digits.
A password must contain at least two digits.

 

12. Display n-by-n Matrix

Write a Java method (takes n as input) to display an n-by-n matrix.

 

13. Calculate Triangle Area

Write Java methods to calculate triangle area.
14. Calculate Pentagon Area

Write a Java method to create a pentagon's area.
 
 

15. Display Current Date and Time

Write a Java method to display the current date and time.

 

16. Find Twin Primes Less Than 100

Write a Java method to find all twin prime numbers less than 100.

 

17. Count Occurrences of Digit '2' in Integer

Write a Java method to count the number of digits in an integer with the value 2. The integer may be assumed to be non-negative.

 

18. Check Consecutive Integers

Write a Java method that accepts three integers and checks whether they are consecutive or not. Returns true or false.
 

19. Check If One Integer is Midpoint of Others

Write a Java method that accepts three integers and returns true if one is the middle point between the other two integers, otherwise false.

 

20. Extract First Digit of Integer

Write a Java method for extracting the first digit from a positive or negative integer.

 

21. Display Factors of 3 in Integer

Write a Java method to display the factors of 3 in a given integer.
 

22. Check If All Digits in Integer Are Even

Write a Java method to check whether every digit of a given integer is even. Return true if every digit is odd otherwise false.
 

23. Check If All Characters Are Vowels

Write a Java method that checks whether all the characters in a given string are vowels (a, e,i,o,u) or not. Return true if each character in the string is a vowel, otherwise return false.

 
